updating dbt Cloud deployments section (#404)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/on-premises/setup.md

Each user can have a specific role on each account. For more information on each role, please see: https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud-managing-permissions

### Deploying Application Updates

A new version of dbt Cloud will appear on the Version History page in your Configuration Console anytime any of the following happen:

> - A new version of the dbt Cloud code is released. This typically happens every other week, and each new version will be accompanied by a [changelog](/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-changelog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new version of the dbt Cloud code is released. This typically happens every two weeks, and each new version will be accompanied by a [changelog](/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-changelog).
```
